money Come on Good afternoon, my money is from
Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where from Yes, I
understand, I’m just asking everyone for money.
You are from Belgorod, Belgorod, Russia, the
Russian
Federation, what is your name
?  I
’m asking you already By the way, they threw off 300
rubles I’m a blogger from Ukraine Yes, I’m talking
I’m just recording the case later, if you
’re interested in a whale, they’re just
some kind of cattle
talking, then talking treasures
Well, it’s you, it’s war, we call it
husband, you’re afraid to announce it  war because
you are afraid that Ukraine will be
carpet bombing Belgorod
In this
you even tell me
why a special military operation is
taking place because it is not on the territory of the Russian Federation, hostilities are taking place
not on the territory of the Russian
Federation, therefore
[music] is
happening Well, on the territory of the
Russian Federation are taking place  Well, that
means our government. Probably, since
it knows about it, it means
something is waiting right, it points out to call it a war, it turns out, yes, because you understand that as soon as war is declared, Ukraine will begin carpet bombing of Belgorod True, we just haven’t started yet, we recaptured you from Kyiv, Sumy region, Chernihiv, flooded your cruise, they decided there Moscow into the cauldron under a lemon they took them from Kharkov region, they drove them there near Valuyki, we are waiting for you as soon as Putin declares war immediately Ukraine, our hands will already be untied, we will start for real there will be carpet bombing of Belgorod Rostov yes Well then, a counter question to you And if this is still a real war and not a special military operation why until now Kharkov, let’s say, for example, the same Kharkov, the same amounts there, I don’t know any Khmelnitsky, even your Chernigov come in to put the Russian flag and say that you conquered in places that interfered with the armed forces  th forces of
Ukraine that are not suppressed air
defense because your planes were
shot down completely Yes, everyone and they are now
afraid to fly even close to the front line,
fly up close from afar, they only
shoot, that is, just like during
World War II Why didn’t Hitler
bomb Vladivostok there, for example,
you could do that  what they could get in
Kharkov they poked their heads in by planes hit all the
birds don’t fly aviation You have somewhere
, but somewhere there at the airfields, infantry
and tanks poked in, it turned out everywhere they died, they
fled there near Belgorod near Valuyki
That’s all, that is, it was very easy
to win, they would have conquered
it’s good why then it flew to Vinnitsa to Lvov
to Ivan Frankivsk before it flew once you have
such a vaunted air defense
system air defense system So of course it’s not
all of
them.
it doesn’t matter how many a
year
they are in stock,
I’m not an expert, but so  as I looked at the
analytics, and that the reserves had somehow
dried up, for example, with a machine gun, you can
shoot Rozhkov as many rounds as you like,
and there are not so many of these missiles, the caliber of them is not so
much
Well, yes, that is why point U was
completely withdrawn from service Why
Because it was the caliber that came to him  to
replace, that is, they are, after all, if, let’s say,
well, for example, they removed 500 pieces of point y,
then they probably should have
replaced this point with the same 500
500 pieces of caliber, they could give a thousand And
they could give 100 We don’t know  the point is not
the point is that you look at what you are doing
exactly what you can do
you don’t have the strength to capture Kharkov, no, and
therefore they gave you stars there, a
lot of your soldiers died, they dumped Why
Kupyansk This was further like glue
, they all ran away now  they hang
out there in the Belgorod region that
they decided to leave for nothing,
but it’s not just that I think that all the
same, our command decided to
withdraw the troops so that they would not
be surrounded  yes, it’s like
the Ukrainian army outwitted us, they
concentrate, that is, our army of the Russian Federation, it
concentrated forces, as it were, in one
city and in another, but in the area of ​​\u200b\u200bthese
cities, the Ukrainian army struck between and,
accordingly, Yes, so as not to lose
personnel And this is the most expensive
personnel  it was necessary to retreat but retreated Yes,
how would it be, well, I admit These mistakes the
command you don’t have the strength to hold on to
some small town you say
that we didn’t capture Kharkov here is your
answer I’m not talking about the capture of Kharkov I was
talking about what was the
land, yes  And here are our Ukrainian troops
who drove you out of these cities there
with raisins from a lemon
Why they weren’t bombed there,
well, here It’s probably somehow about
saving civilian life troops are
advancing in the field troops are advancing there on
this city Yes, who is there in these fields
you walk around, you believe yourself, you said,
look, there is that city
between cities
.
you know no worse than me so stop I understand that
it turns out that you didn’t bomb the
Ukrainian troops aviation because it’s just a
village there
I personally don’t know I guess the
suggestion is pepper
if the war is I love it symmetrically
you are afraid to see the time because
Ukraine is
carpeted Like if you  similar such
manner such tactics
overestimate your comments do you still
think subscribe to the channel with
donations
and Subscribe to Telegram
Slava Ukraine